Allows shots to be passed to transforms at runtime (#1707)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

          return ([[c, 0.0, 2 * x], [-c, 0.0, 0.0]],)
  ```

> * Shots can now be passed as a runtime argument to batch transforms, similarly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Shots can now be passed as a runtime argument to transforms that execute circuits in batches, similarly
```

Is this what you mean? Even I don't know what a *batch transform* is, so better make it explicit? :)

Reviewer: Oh wait, you mean the actual `batch_transform` function? Maybe use the function name then, so people can look it up?

Author: Oh I meant the first one :) Thanks, your suggestion is clearer!

  to QNodes.

>   [(#1707)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1707)

Author: ```suggestion
  [(#1707)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1707)
  
  An example of such a transform are the gradient transforms in the
  `qml.gradients` module. As a result, we can now call gradient transforms
  (such as `qml.gradients.param_shift`) and set the number of shots at runtime.
```

  ```pycon
  >>> dev = qml.device("default.qubit", wires=1, shots=1000)
  >>> @qml.beta.qnode(dev)
  ... def circuit(x):
  ...     qml.RX(x, wires=0)
  ...     return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0))

>   >>> grad_fn = qml.gradients.param_shift(circuit)

Reviewer: I was intuitively looking for `batch_transform`, but I guess `param_shift` uses `batch_transform`? Can we mention how the example relates?
